In order to install Java we have to go to Oracle that come first.
So now let's do that
now let's go to download section and click Jobo for developers.
Now let's click.
Joe a platform JDK.
Now we have to accept the agreement here.
So let's do that.
And for this tutorial I'll be installing the 64 bit version of Java.
So if you how 32 bit version of Windows you can install this one but I'll download this one.
OK.
So let's do that now.
Once the download is complete you'll be prompted with the installer.
So now let's click next and Leawood as is and just verify that the installation path is correct.
So when you do that click Next an installer will begin.
Once the installation of JDK is complete you'll be prompted to install the Jerry so to do that click
Next an installer will start instantly.
Wait for it and it's finished.
Now we have to verify that we have Java installed properly to do that.
Now let's open a command prompt.
Type ACMD and type Jawa minus version.
You should be seeing this all right if you don't all you have to do is set D and y multivariable to
do that.
Go to your computer and open properties go to advanced system settings and click and what variables
you see there is no Djala home installed here.
To fix that let's go to the installation directory of Java
go to your computer and program files Java and JDK.
Now copy the path and use it to add a Java home namely Wymans variable as Java underscore home and paste
the path.
Click OK and OK again.
Now if you reopened this command prompt like this.
When you type Jawohl minus version you have to.
Seeing as if you have any problems installing jello on your computer.
Please let me know and I'll help you.